# TELOS Feasibility

TELOS is an essential fundamental principle within project management for which the feasibility of the project can be assessed. TELOS is an acronym for **T**echnical, **E**conomic, **L**egal, **O**perational and **S**cheduling. These 5 aspects are outlined and assessed below:

1. **T**echnical - The technical aspect of this project is very feasible. There is no new needed technology to create this program, as both the developer and client have the appropriate computers and software requirements for this process. There will be no need for new hires to create this, with me being the only needed developer to create a finished product. A techincal concern could be the the compatibility of the program with the computer running the software (considering the Python version and packages installed). As mentioned in the justification for my solution, however, this is not a challenge because the device which will run the program already has this pre-installed.
1. **E**conomic - There are no economic limitations on this project. It requires no funding, either for development (software, hardware etc.) or hiring of new developers. As a developer I am doing this for free without a salary. The economic concerns can therefore be disregarded, and thus with this perspective the project is very feasible.
1. **L**egal - There are no legal considerations either. Such a small scale private project with no salary has no legal implications. There is neither a contract, nor any other form of legal binding.
1. **O**perational - The operational feasibility of the project includes the consideration of implementation of the program and training of the user/client for using the new software. The implementation of the program simply requires an installation on the clients desired device. Whether this will be over the air (online download) or manual (USB drive) will be determined when the program is finished, and based on the clients wants and needs.
1. **S**cheduling - The timeline of this project is yet to be determined. An estimation of completion of the project can be set to March 20th. However, this is very uncertain and will be subject to change as a more clear deadline is identified (f.ex. from client/teacher)

